Here is a line to read about some great science and stuff:
people are learning from each other in many ways so be carefully when dealing with those peoples.
i hope i can enjoy it myself one day or another day in here:


we are 3 brothers:
-my name is Ahmed Mohamed Zakaria Abdelmajid soliman Gad
-my brother name is Mohamed Mohamed Zakaria Abdelmajid Soliman Gad
-and my younger brother name is Abdelrahman Mohamed zakaria Abdelmajid Soliman

i love them so much so u cant imagine what i am suffering for them all the time.?
here lets go and say hello from here and there
in my opinion it's really hard to believe that he comes all that far for me
if you believed that then you are a great idiot in her for some reason, r?

so what to do now for all the time we spent here and there we cant be more beloved to each other
so be here with me stay here with me and don't leave me for whatever your reason is.

this book is unreadable so lets take it somewhere and read it with peace of mind.

if you ever read this file txt anywhere just to know that it's an example for writing speed of mine.
and look at the last line before you go.



hope you can do better than this next times we meet:"beloved young brother"
how fast you can be on a keyboard as mouse would be the greatest option you have in there.

print some values out of the loop to accomplish the most efficient way of creating a forum


this is just a shitty example for how much i am slow writing at the keyboard.

na mabdon neek mn 7ayati kolaha w ba7awel akteb bsor3a 3la ad ma a2dar lkn mafe4 7aga btt3ml
34an lazm akon hnak fe kol mara by3mlo test l ay 7aga mn 8ery betkon 5ara 3ala we4ohom kolohom
bela estesna2 ya 3am l mazno2 l metnak ya mota5alef ya 4armat ya kbeer awi
tezak nta w elli m4a8lenak yad ya m3aras ya 4armoot
3yal bnt mtnaka awi awi
ketfommen om l 4armata l far8a ya3am l 7ag

3an myten l de7k lli byed7akoh


here what i want to say to you as an old friend of me
take care and be safe till i see you in future
be cool and stay home as you can till we met again my dear friend
i wanted to tell you my name, but you are not old enough to know what is my name bro
so next time we can exchange names


here we can write whatever we like so dont be shy and contribute the results with me idiots
but a little mistake will lead to a divisticated error, so be with me and dont 
go anywhere untill i tell you where to go 
understand or not?
copy that and say rogger
dont copy that and you will be as idiot as i was in my back days 
print whatever we like in here
past it there so in my opinion we can manage it 
but its totaly up to you if you like that approch or not 
come and stay with me  a little bit lower than we do in normal ways 
be here and be safe is our priority
come and take what you deserve bustard.

here i am back again with several though in my mind so be carefull i wont bite you.

first of all i want to greet you, you still open this file with your knowledge that some bullshits of mine and yet here you are.

second i want to greet all those people who are new here to read this nonesense talking i am writing in here, so thank you all for being so supportive to me
continuing this nothing will change in your miserable life so it really dosent matter if here already or not cuz its all useless shit in my mind.
third but not least, you have the ability to go away whenever you like and stop reading this shitty pitty useless nonsense again. but i had to still write to the rest of you who still want to learn more about what i am doing here.
so comfortablly we are assigned to this project because of some useless people wants to still here and learn what exactly we doing to get some useless knowledge in thier life 
but i won't recommend to anyone to continue doing this because i early mentioned that in previous notes.. you can always go back there and read why i wont recommend that anyway lets continue this shitty program anycase of the above will be face three main axises in thier miserable life so stay focused to what i going to say now.... 
FUCK people who wants to destroy your dreams, just fuck them all once and forever, dont be disappointed to do so 
bcause everyone has his flaw and me too have mine so i am not judging you or him for being so innocent in this life. because i believe that every soul had her redeema in her or the life after this life 
